clarifying rules for _new_, lgetfield, and lsetfield! in customised tangents #968 (#970)
chalk-lab/Mooncake.jl: docs/src/developer_documentation/custom_tangent_type.md

| [`_new_`](@ref)      | `A(x)`, `A(x, a::A)`, `A(x, nothing)`—three separate `rrule!!` methods     |
| [`lsetfield!`](@ref) | `(A, Val{:field}, new_value)` including both Symbol & Int field IDs        |

##### Why These Primitives?

> **`_new_`**: Mooncake implicitly lowers the constructors of all types to `_new_`. As a result, there is no need to write rules for individual constructors; instead, rules should be written for `_new_`. This provides a uniform interface for differentiating object construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`_new_`**: Mooncake's IR normalization rewrites `Expr(:new, ...)` (the lowered form of composite type construction) into calls to `_new_`. This provides a uniform interface for differentiating object construction. In practice, you typically only need rules for `_new_` to cover the allocation step, rather than writing a rule per constructor method, but any additional logic inside constructors still needs rules as usual. Splatted constructions are normalized to `_splat_new_` in the same way. You can inspect `@code_lowered A(1.0)` to see the raw `:new` form. See the Standardisation section in `docs/src/developer_documentation/forwards_mode_design.md` and the implementation in `src/interpreter/ir_normalisation.jl` for details.
```

For example, the constructor call `A(1.0)` is lowered to:
```julia
_new_(A{Float64}, 1.0)
```

> This means you only need to write rules for `_new_` to handle all constructor variants, rather than writing separate rules for `A(::T)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means `_new_` covers the `:new` portion across constructor variants, rather than writing separate rules just for `A(::T)`.
```
slightly more accurate (in case of constructor might use additional logic that does require a rule)
